Remove upgrade guide, and document the server and workstation update processes (#830)
freedomofpress/securedrop-docs: docs/admin/maintenance/server_updates.rst

Updating SecureDrop server
==========================

Automatic updates
-----------------

SecureDrop servers check for updates automatically, and install updates without any manual action or intervention within 24 hours of each new SecureDrop release.

> `The current SecureDrop server version number is available at securedrop.org. <https://securedrop.org/>`__

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`The latest SecureDrop server version number is available at securedrop.org. <https://securedrop.org/>`__
```

Manual updates
--------------

You can manually update by running: ::

  sudo apt update
  sudo apt upgrade

from both the Application and Monitor servers.

You can verify the installed version number by running: ::

    sudo apt policy securedrop-app-code
    

> The current SecureDrop version is also visible within the Source Interface.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The current SecureDrop version is also visible at the bottom of the Source Interface.
```
